feat(HelpButton): remove `modal_props` in favour of `render` (#2333)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/about-the-lib/releases/eufemia/v10-info.mdx

### [HelpButton](/uilib/components/help-button)

> 1. The properties `modal_props` and `modal_content` where removed. You may replace these props with the new `render` property. See [this example](/uilib/components/help-button/properties/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The properties `modal_props` and `modal_content` were removed. You may replace these props with the new `render` property. See [this example](/uilib/components/help-button/properties/#how-to-use-render).
```
